Update Known working Bluetooth adapters with performance data (#24846)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/bluetooth.markdown

| Feasycom FSC-BP119                | CSR8510A10 | ✅               | ✅                |
| Kinivo BTD-400                    | BCM20702A1 | ✅               |                   |
| Maxuni BT-501                     | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |
| MPOW BH45A                        | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |
| Raspberry Pi 3B+                  | CYW43455   | ✅               |                   |
| Raspberry Pi 4B                   | CYW43455   | ✅               |                   |
| StarTech USBA-BLUETOOTH-V5-C2     | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |
| SUMEE BT501                       | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |
| UGREEN CM390                      | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |
| XDO BT802                         | RTL8761BU  |                  | ✅                |
| ZEXMTE BT-505                     | RTL8761BU  |                  | ✅                |
| ZEXMTE BT-DG54                    | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |
| ZETSAGE BH451A                    | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |

#### Performance

> Performance is primarily determined combination of the chip and the Linux drivers that the adapter uses. Some vendors using the same chip had an unacceptable performance and are listed as unsupported.

Author: ```suggestion
Performance is primarily determined by a combination of the chip and the Linux drivers for the adapter. Some vendors using the same chip had an unacceptable performance and are listed as unsupported.
```

The following requirements must be met for an adapter to be labeled as High Performance:

- Establish a connection in about 1s or less
- Process at least one advertisement per second from a device without dropping data
- 95% of connection attempts are successful within two tries
- Meets the above requirements with Home Assistant Operating System 9.3 or later

Performance testing used the following hardware:

- Active connection to Nanoleaf A19 Bulb NL45-0800 after GATT services were cached by BlueZ

> - Advertisements from an Oral-B iO Series 8

Author: ```suggestion
- Advertisements from an Oral-B iO Series 8
- Home Assistant Blue running Home Assistant Operating System 9.3 (excludes Raspberry Pi on-board)
```

| XDO BT802                         | RTL8761BU  |                  | ✅                |
| ZEXMTE BT-505                     | RTL8761BU  |                  | ✅                |
| ZEXMTE BT-DG54                    | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |
| ZETSAGE BH451A                    | RTL8761BU  |                  |                   |

#### Performance

Performance is primarily determined by a combination of the chip and the Linux drivers for the adapter. Some vendors using the same chip had an unacceptable performance and are listed as unsupported.

The following requirements must be met for an adapter to be labeled as High Performance:

- Establish a connection in about 1s or less
- Process at least one advertisement per second from a device without dropping data
- 95% of connection attempts are successful within two tries
- Meets the above requirements with Home Assistant Operating System 9.3 or later

Performance testing used the following hardware:

- Active connection to Nanoleaf A19 Bulb NL45-0800 after GATT services were cached by BlueZ
- Advertisements from an Oral-B iO Series 8

> - Home Assistant Blue running Home Assistant Operating System 9.3 (excludes Raspberry Pi on-board)

Author: ```suggestion
- External Adapters only: Home Assistant Blue running Home Assistant Operating System 9.3
```
